Allow missing firestoreServiceAccountKey (#106)
giantswarm/athena: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

- Allow missing `firestoreServiceAccountKey`.

> - Make changes to helm chart for deployment on WCs.

Reviewer: Simplicity for user facing text :)

```suggestion
- Make changes to helm chart for deployment on workload clusters.
```
